Docs Improvement (#600)
test-network-function/cnf-certification-test: docs/index.md

# Overview

This repository provides a set of Cloud-Native Network Functions (CNF) test cases and the framework to add more test cases.

!!! tip "CNF"

>     The app (containers/pods/operators) we want to certify according Telco partner/RH's best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The app (containers/pods/operators) we want to certify according Telco partner/Red Hat's best practices.
```
